[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 film solo a Star Wars
story so let's get started the film
opens with young han solo and his love
interest Kira escaping a local gang they
bribe an imperial officer with some
stolen Co axiom a powerful hyperspace
fuel to get off the planet but Kira is
captured han fouls to return for her and
joins the Imperial Navy when asked what
his last name is he responds that he has
no family so he is given the last name
of solo three years later
solo encounters a group of criminals
posing as Imperial soldiers led by
Tobias beckon Han tries to join them but
ends up getting arrested for desertion
and thrown into a pit to be fed to a
Wookiee named Chewbacca han who can
understand Chewbacca works with the
Wookiee to escape
Beckett rescues the pair wanting to use
them to help steal a shipment of Ko
axiom the heist is interrupted by a
group of pirates called the cloud riders
led by an fost nest which causes two
members of Beckett's crew to die
including his wife and the co axiom is
destroyed
Beckett reveals he was ordered to steal
the shipment for dried and Voss a member
of the crimson dawn syndicate and they
still owe on that debt the gang travels
to Voss's ship where han finds Kira who
now is Voss's right-hand woman han
suggests they steal the unrefined Co
axiom from the mines on Kessel Kira
joins the gang and leads them to Lando
Calrissian a smuggler who she hopes will
lend them his ship the Millennium Falcon
han challenges Lando to a game and the
winner takes land of ship Lando cheats
and wins but agrees to join in the
mission in exchange for some of the
profits at the mines
Lando's droid copilot l3 starts a revolt
from all the droids that work in the
mine Chewbacca is able to free a group
of wookies that are forced to work in
the mines they are able to steal the Co
axiom but Lando is wounded and l3 is
fatally damaged l3 is wired into the
ship and Han is able to navigate through
the Kessel run in 12 parsecs to avoid
the Imperial blockade the Falcon arrives
at the planet Sara Veen to process the
unrefined coaxial and fists in the cloud
riders arrived in Lando flees in the
Falcon and Fizz explains that she and
her crew are not pirates but rebels
fighting against the Empire han tries to
trick Foss in order to help the rebels
but Voss reveals that Beckett told him
everything
a Voss sends his guards to kill the
cloud riders but the guards are defeated
and Voss is defenseless han tries to
take the KO axiom but Beckett betrays
Voss and takes the KO axiom with
Chewbacca as a hostage Kyra kills Voss
and then sends Han after Becca instead
of joining Han Kyra takes the
opportunity to contact the leader of the
crimson dawn Darth Maul and take Voss's
position she blames the failure on
Beckett and does not mention han in
order to protect him maul says that he
wants to meet with Kira han confronts
Beckett and shoots him first
Kira leaves with Voss's ship and Han
turns the KO axiom over to the rebels
who offer to have Han joined them which
he declines han and chewbacca locate
Lando and challenge him to a rematch
again wagering the Falcon han wins this
time also by cheating and han and chewie
both leave for tatoo II to begin working
for Jabba the Hutt as the film ends so
that was the spoilers for solo if you
have another film you'd like to see a
spoil please let us know in the comments
below check out movie spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching